at midnight on New Year's Eve the SS
beside caught in a violent Mediterranean
storm is struck by a 90-foot tidal wave
and capsized on the morning of the
following day a salvage crew and a
special rescue squad board the doomed
ship the fire must be started by the
left explosion more could come any time
I'm telling you some floating time bomb
they discovered that she holds three
secrets
a billion dollar treasure a deadly cargo
of plutonium and 11 trapped survivors
that pornos gonna go in any month but my
other way out of here right now
caught between the decks beneath the
ocean beyond the Poseidon Adventure
Michael Caine Sally Field
Telly Savalas Peter Boyle Jack warden
Shirley Knight Slim Pickens Angela
Cartwright Mark Harmon Shirley Jones
Karl Malden you can take whatever you
want this ship these people have come a
long way and all they want right now is
to get the hell out of here alive it
never intended to harm anyone captain
then she must realize I can't let you go
now courage beyond endurance
suspense beyond belief
and excitement
beyond the Poseidon Adventure irwin
allen's production of beyond the
poseidon adventure
you